The purpose of this document is to enable someone who has already been trained to install the server on their own computer.

# Principles

bullseye-code is a program used to derive metrics from bullseye-style psychological surveys.  It's pretty likely that further explanation of the method will be forthcoming, but if this doesn't make sense to you, then contact us via email.

The basic idea is to scan the bullseye sheets, then drop all of the scanned images onto the bullseye server.  If you are using sheets that match our template, then you'll be able to rapidly iterate through each participant.  All results are stored in a CSV, which is generated by the server.

# Installation on OS X and UNIX

Open terminal.app and paste the following code:

```
curl -s http://bullseye-code.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/bin/web_install.sh | /bin/bash
```

# Usage

0. Scan your bullseye sheets.  They must be scanned at 300 ppi, and they must be stored as .PNG files.  bullseye-code will use the filename as the participant ID, so make sure to name each file according to how you want it to appear in the output file.

1. To put images onto the server, drag them into the directory called ~/Desktop/bullseye-code/usr/images

2. Go to the terminal and type:

```
bullseye.py
```

If this worked, you will see the following:

```
Bottle server starting up (using WSGIRefServer())...
Listening on http://localhost:4567/                 
Use Ctrl-C to quit.                                 
```

3. Open one of the following compatible web browsers: Safari, Opera, Chrome, or Firefox.

4. Direct your browser to the following URL: 

http://localhost:4567

5. When you're done coding, the results will be stored in ~/Desktop/bullseye-code/usr/csv . The output is actually a tab-delimited file, even though the extension will be .CSV
